docs: improve discoverability of custom schemas documentation (#42634)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/guides/database/tables.mdx

);
```

<Admonition type="tip">

> If you want to access a custom schema through the Supabase Data API, you need to expose it and grant the appropriate permissions. See [Using Custom Schemas](/docs/guides/api/using-custom-schemas) for detailed steps. For security best practices around schema exposure, see [Hardening the Data API](/docs/guides/database/hardening-data-api).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to access a custom schema through the Supabase Data API, you need to expose it and grant the appropriate permissions. See [Using Custom Schemas](/docs/guides/api/using-custom-schemas) for detailed steps. For security best practices around schema exposure, see [Securing your API](/docs/guides/api/securing-your-api).
```
